Added section for Helm chart dependencies in Fleet for 2.5, 2.6 (#3707)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.5/en/deploy-across-clusters/fleet/_index.md

For details on using Fleet behind a proxy, see [this page.](./proxy)

> # Fleet Helm Chart Dependencies

Author: Revised per feedback.

> In order for the Helm chart dependencies in Fleet to deploy successfully, you must run a manual command (as listed below) to let Fleet know where to retrieve them. If you do not do this and proceed to clone your repository and run `helm install`, your installation will fail because the dependencies will be missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for Helm charts with dependencies to deploy successfully, you must run a manual command (as listed below) to let Fleet know where to retrieve them. If you do not do this and proceed to clone your repository and run `helm install`, your installation will fail because the dependencies will be missing.
```

Author: Revised.

> In order for the Helm chart dependencies in Fleet to deploy successfully, you must run a manual command (as listed below) to let Fleet know where to retrieve them. If you do not do this and proceed to clone your repository and run `helm install`, your installation will fail because the dependencies will be missing.

Author: Revised per feedback.

> The Helm chart in the git repository must include its dependencies in the charts subdirectory. You must either manually run `helm dependencies update` OR run `helm dependencies build` locally, then commit the complete charts directory to your git repository.

Author: Revised per feedback.
